de.uvwxy.barometer.MainActivity
de.uvwxy.barometer.MainActivity: MainActivity()
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$drawable: int baro_face
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$drawable: int baro_handle
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$drawable: int baro_memory_handle
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$drawable: int baro_nob
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$id: int ivBaro
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$id: int ivPhoto
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$id: int rlMain
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$id: int tvInfo
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$id: int tvPhotoInfo
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$layout: int activity_main
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$layout: int item_photolist
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$string: int app_name
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$string: int help
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
de.uvwxy.barometer.R$style: int AppTheme
de.uvwxy.daisy.common.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
de.uvwxy.daisy.common.R$id: int ivPhoto
de.uvwxy.daisy.common.R$id: int tvPhotoInfo
de.uvwxy.daisy.common.R$layout: int item_photolist
de.uvwxy.daisy.common.R$string: int app_name
de.uvwxy.daisy.common.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
de.uvwxy.daisy.common.R$style: int AppTheme
